Q1- What is Emmet?
Ans : Emmet is a plugin (toolkit)for many popular text editors which greatly improves the web development workflow.
Emmet uses different abbreviations and short expressions depending on what's passed, and then dynamically converts the abbreviations into the full code.


Q2 : Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans: Libraries provide developers with predefined functions and classes to make their work easier and boost the development process.
    Framework, on the other hand is like the foundation upon which developers build applictions for specific plateform.

Q3 : What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans : CDN - Content Delivery Network. It improves efficiency by introducing intermediary server between client and website servers. 
    It manages some of the client-server communications. It helps improves the page load times and makes it faster.
Q4 : Why is React known as React?
Ans : React (also k/a React.js or React.JS) is a free and open-source frontend JavaScript library for buildig User interfaces based on component.
    It's known as React because it reacts. It was developed by Facebook (a site that CONSTANTLY updates their data) to improve 
    the user interface development and more effectively change (REACT to) what the user sees when they're doing things like mouse clicking, 
    submitting and typing.

Q5 : What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans : The crossorigin attributes sets the mode of an request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web Pages often makes requestto load resources on other servers.
    CORS is used to manage cross origin request.
CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside their own domain.
It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the cross-origin request. 
CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

Q6 : Difference between React and ReactDOM ? 
Ans :React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces and ReactDOM is the JavaScript library that allows React to interact with the DOM.
    ReactDOM is used to render components and elements on the web. It is a part of the React library used to create user 
    interfaces and dynamic web applications, as well as reusable and composable components that can be used in different applications.

Q6 : What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans : The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. 
    You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds.
    The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine.

Q7 : Difference between Async and Defer?
Ans : The defer attribute tells the browser not to wait for the script. Instead, the browser will continue to process the HTML, build DOM. 
    The script loads “in the background”, and then runs when the DOM is fully built.    
    In other words:
    Scripts with defer never block the page.
    Scripts with defer always execute when the DOM is ready (but before DOMContentLoaded event).

    Async:
    The async attribute means that a script is completely independent:
        The browser doesn’t block on async scripts (like defer).
        Other scripts don’t wait for async scripts, and async scripts don’t wait for them.
        DOMContentLoaded and async scripts don’t wait for each other:
        DOMContentLoaded may happen both before an async script (if an async script finishes loading after the page is complete)
        …or after an async script (if an async script is short or was in HTTP-cache)

